What is a comparison of distributed ledger technologies without Ethereum? Right, garbage!
So here there are, our insights we got by incorporating the seven kingdoms in Ethereum.

Ethereum of course is the best known and most used platform for decentralized applications.
Anyone who's interested in blockchain and DLT's in general knows about it, and most people
who start getting their feet wet by fooling around with any blockchain code do it with Ethereum.
It is a public blockchain that currently uses Proof-of-Work consensus with its native currency Ether. Anyone can mine, and anyone can 
make transactions on it. Ethereum enables smart contracts to be executed by the runtime environment
"Ethereum Virtual Machine".

Implementation:
We used the truffle suite for our implementation. The smart contract was
coded in solidity, and tested with the frameworks mocha and chai. 
Therefore tests are written in javascript, and can be tested with a local blockchain provided by Ganache, 
a tool that's included in the truffle suite.
We also deployed our Game of Thrones contract to the Ropsten Testnet with Truffle and Infura. 
The whole process of writing the contract, to testing and to deploying to Ropsten was straight-forward,
apart from a self-induced neat little off-by-one error along the way...

Implementing the Game of Thrones use case in Ethereum was relatively easy, because
we already had experience with it. Futhermore, there are a lot of tutorials, github threads
and tools out there, that really help while developing. However, we realized that it
was only "easy" to implement in Ethereum because we already had knowledge of solidity, mocha, truffle, metamask and so on.
Additionally, we already knew what to expect, instead of stumbling across tools and dependencies 
we didn't know we would need as it happened to us in other DLT's.
So if you're a beginner in the blockchain field, the whole ecosystem is still hard to grasp at first, and needs some time.
Ethereum is awesome because of its great and big community, and because of its wide spread adoption.
Only issue are the fairly high transaction fees, which are undesirable for micropayments. Also the speed of transaction confirmation
could be faster for specific use cases.
As we look into the future, the introduction of Proof-of-Stake consensus and Sharding in Ethereum will 
replace the resource intensive Proof-of-Work consensus and further enhance scaling possibilities.