Dragonchain. Finally a chain worthy of our dragonborn queen Khaleesi c:
Dragonchain labels itself as "Blockchain as a Service". The chain provides an
infrastructure, to easily use blockchain characteristics in applications.
It's very flexible and at the same time immutable. A main feature of this distributed
ledger technology, is the interoperability between existing blockchains. This is done
with the help of the patented interchain. Interchain is a smart contract that can watch public blockchains 
and react to events on them by firing transactions on these blockchains itself.

Overview from a technical side (explained in their words: https://dragonchain.com/assets/Dragonchain-Architecture.pdf):
We feel like dragonchain brings the dimensions of blockchains
to a whole new level. To be exact, to five new levels. In dragochain,
there are 5 layers of verification. They are called Level 1 to Level 5.
Each level contributes a different function to the whole infrastructure.
Level 1 is the business logic.
Level 2 verifies level 1 transactions.
Level 3 makes sure that level 2 verifications come from diverse nodes.
Level 4 validates level 3 checks similar to a notary service.
Level 5 is the gateway to public blockchains, posting a hash of a block or transaction to the Bitcoin blockchain for example.

How can these levels be understood?
A level just indicates what is done or verified. A node that is handling level 1 functionality e.g. posts transactions of a user. A node
with level 2 functionality verifies level 1 transactions. What is interesting, is that each level uses different blockchains. 
Not only that, but even within a level different blockchains are used. The term "blockchain of blockchains" is very appropriate in this context.
Example:
A user can create a new blockchain that only he runs. Transactions are put together into blocks, which 
are forwarded to level 2 nodes. Level 2 verifies the transaction, puts these verifications in blocks of its own blockchain, and
sends the block to level 3. A level 3 node makes sure that there are multiple verifications of level 1 blocks done by level 2 nodes, from different
locations. If there are diverse verifications, level 3 indicates this in a transaction that he puts himself in a block and appends it to his blockchain.
The notary function of level 4 and the public chain gateway of level 5 can only be done by nodes trusted by the dragonchain company.
Level 4 just adds an additional signature to level 3 blocks. Level 5 finally can monitor other chains like NEO, and invoke smart contracts on them.

Interestingly, as noted above, a level isn't restricted to use only one blockchain. Instead, there is a chain for every node, for every level.
As explained by Joe Roets (@j0j0r0) in dragochain's telegram developer chat, this architecture makes dragonchain more diverse, secure and
decentralized, and therefore harder to compromise. 

What we haven't talked about yet, is the privacy part. In dragochain level 1 transactions, the payload of a transaction 
can be removed. That way, only the transaction header will be validated by level 2, and sensible information can stay private. 
Firstly, this enables that you can prove to anyone that your data was unaltered when you disclose the data at a later point. 
Secondly, it provides a convenient and possibly pay per use way to offer your data to other nodes via a subscription data fee.

